we're outside of JC Penney's at the
native collection ADAC mass here's the
parking garage outside of some really
fancy looking condos and guess what
we're gonna do
that's right we're gonna write the
elevator
we're at F parking as you can see there
okay we're gonna ride elevators start
down
that looks nice
which one did we go
second one
as we all know they are gender
then fancy here there's your phone
there's your buttons and long is your
certificate 150 feet per minute they're
kind of secretive doors you gotta be
kidding me these are hydraulic no one
stream had traction I don't know why
these are people I drove as far as six
and as any Schindler would be the door
closed does not work
3.now retreat
now we're at for an hour at five and now
we're at six you shake a little bit
door closes when it feels like it I
don't like that
I'll send this one up and write another
one shake a bit
send this bad boy on its way
I believe we'll be getting this one or
the other they're both on the Left Oh
both of them open let's use the one
that's here oh nice leveling we know
what they look like
let's go door closed immediately I like
that it's probably a fluke
Shiki whoa oh that did not sound good
it's not enough for shock cam though
it's mostly noise bang
can we see have the doors on this one
yeah we can
there goes six five it was five times
four
there goes for here comes three there
goes three here comes to here go goes
there goes to here comes one some this
100 perfect perfect perfect successful
Derby it's this one might be I would
have thought parking lot but maybe it is
a peek now I'll be shake a little bit
they get some bumps along the way my
hair too
again we'll look out the door there's
those fancy condos is there go six here
comes five there goes five here comes
four there goes for here comes three
there goes three here comes - you can't
see from this well there's two here's
one
okay we're going to end it the JCPenney
bridge where I started this whole thing
here we are back
some more quality leveling
and there it goes and those were the
Schindler elevators in orange parking
hope you enjoyed it